The standard distribution of efax-0.9a-001114 has a bug in both efax
and efix.  They make a call to setlocale(), which causes incorrect
floating point representation in locales which use the comma instead
of the full-stop as the decimal separator.  This is corrected in the
versions of efax.c and efix.c in this directory by setting the
LC_NUMERIC locale facet to the "C" locale.  In addition,
internationalisation support has been added to efax so far as relevant
to efax-gtk (messages from efax, if a suitable translation file has
been provided, will be displayed in the language equating to the
user's locale).

CUPS-1.1.19 and above will not print multi-page PS files produced with
efix correctly.  In so doing CUPS is pedantic but correct, as efix
includes an EPS reference in the PS header, and the EPS standard
requires EPS files only to have one page.  The PS header in const char
PSBEGIN [] in efax/efaxlib.c in this directory has therefore been
amended so as to exclude the EPS reference.

A change has been made to the definition of MAXMSGBUF in efaxmsg.c, so
that it does not exceed PIPE_BUF/2 in size.  This is so that a message
from efax does not overrun the pipe used to communicate with efax-gtk.

In efaxmsg.c, the variable argument handling has been modified to
avoid an invalid double call to vfprintf() on the same va_list value
(this bug is triggered on some systems when using the 'fax' script but
does not directly affect efax-gtk).

To distinguish itself from the standard distribution, the binary of
efax is installed as efax-0.9a and the binary of efix is installed as
efix-0.9a.  efax-gtk will look for these executables by those names.
If you want to use the standard distribution of efax with efax-gtk,
then make a symbolic link between efax and efax-0.9a, and between efix
and efix-0.9a, and efax-gtk will then find them.

In addition, the following patches from http://shino.pos.to/linux/efax/
have been applied:

  efax08a-time.patch          (efaxio.c)
  efax-0.9-nullptr.patch      (efax.c and efaxos.c)
  efax-0.9-numlines.patch     (efix.c)
  efax-0.9a-frlen.patch       (efax.c)

And the following patch from Fedora 2:

  efax-0.9-misc.patch         (efax.c)

Fixes for (harmless) warnings issued by gcc-4.0, about pointer targets
differing in signedness, have been added to efax.c, efaxio.c and
efaxlib.c.

Chris Vine, September 2005
